TypeDefinitionDocument documentation (#103135)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/specs/PortablePdb-Metadata.md

> The purpose of this data is to allow a tool to reconstruct the compilation the module was built from.
> The source files for the compilation are expected to be recovered from the source server using [SourceLink](#source-link-c-and-vb-compilers) and/or from [sources embedded](#embedded-source-c-and-vb-compilers) in the PDB.
> The metadata references for the compilation are expected to be recovered from a file indexing service (e.g. symbol server) using information in [Compilation Metadata References](#compilation-metadata-references-c-and-vb-compilers) record.

##### Type Definition Document (C# and VB compilers)
Parent: TypeDef

Kind: {932E74BC-DBA9-4478-8D46-0F32A7BAB3D3}

Stores document information for type definitions that would otherwise not have document information stored through other means, for example in the [MethodDebugInformation](#methoddebuginformation-table-0x31) table.

The blob has the following structure:

    Blob ::= (document-ordinal)*

| terminal         | encoding                    | description                            |
|:-----------------|:----------------------------|:---------------------------------------|

> | document-ordinal | compressed unsigned integer | 1-based index into the Document table. |

Reviewer: I'd use the term "row id" instead of "1-based index" since that's how ECMA calls these indices.

> | document-ordinal | compressed unsigned integer | 1-based index into the Document table. |

Author: ```suggestion
| document-ordinal | compressed unsigned integer | row id of the Document table. |
```
